feat(feedback): document new feedback envelope format and rename old format (#12252)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/data-model/envelope-items.mdx

`associated_event_id`

: *UUID String, optional.* The identifier of an error event in the same project.
  Use this to explicitly link a related error in the feedback UI.

`replay_id`

: *UUID String, optional.* The identifier of a related Session Replay in the same
  project. Sentry uses this ID to render a Replay clip in the feedback UI.

**Attaching Screenshots:**

You can associate screenshots with a feedback by sending image data as
[attachment items](/sdk/data-model/envelope-items/#attachment), with `event_id`
corresponding to the feedback item. We recommend sending the items in the same
Envelope.

**Constraints:**

- This Item may occur at most once per Envelope.
- This Item is mutually exclusive with `"transaction"` items.

**Required Envelope Headers:**

`event_id`

: **UUID String, required.** Corresponds to the `event_id` field of the event
  payload. **It is not equal to the `associated_event_id`** field in the feedback
  context. Clients are required to generate an event identifier ahead of time
  and set it at least in the Envelope headers. If the identifier mismatches
  between the Envelope and payload, the Envelope header takes precedence.

> ### User Report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User Report  - Deprecated
```

> Item type `"user_report"`. This is an older way of submitting user feedback we
> are in the process of deprecating. It works by associating user information and
> comments with an event. If both the item and its associated event are accepted,
> we convert it to a user feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Item type `"user_report"`. This is an older way of submitting user feedback we
have now deprecated it. It will continue to work, so older SDKs won't break. But new implementation should follow the User Feedback `feedback` type described above.

It works by associating user information and
comments with an event. If both the item and its associated event are accepted,
we convert it to a user feedback.
```
